Psalm 129 a song of a sense many a time
they have afflicted me from my youth let
Israel now say many a time they have
afflicted me from my youth yet they have
not prevailed against me the plowers
plowed on my back
they made their Faraz long the Lord is
righteous he has cut in pieces the
chords of the wicked let all those who
hate Zion be put to shame and turned
back let them be as the grass on the
housetops which withers before it grows
up with which the Reaper does not fill
his hand nor he who binds sheaves his
arms neither let those who pass by them
say the blessing of the Lord be upon you
we bless you in the name of the Lord